[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We are truly a holographic
being that has offloaded all
of its qualities and conditions.
And therefore, the
alien strains are
beginning to reveal themselves
not as something else,
but in a way a deeper allowance
of our own greater roots.
Because think of star
travel as star seeding.
Meaning, it's not to go
there because you would
impose yourself on a
planet, but to seed yourself
into that planet.
And think of that
not being one system.
Because in a holograph,
interestingly enough,
like an atom, you have
to cover the field
of all the probabilities.
If you think of reaching a
point where what we need to know
can't be known by simply
building another piano.
In other words, there
really is this question of,
how do we trust the instrument?
How do we trust that the
deep archeology of who we are
is showing up?
But it's showing up
humanized, otherwise
it would sweep us away.
And when it does
usually it becomes
very confusing for people.
>> Yep.
And I do feel like
that's why everything
wants to bring us back really.
Like the universe
collapsing into the palm
of the hand saying, I
want to calm your heart,
because here in is the truth
that you are all of this,
but also the great gift
that you are uniquely you.
Understand that this on
9/11, 2001, expressed itself
as The Hieroglyph
Of The Human Soul.
This is what it told me it was.
10 years into working on The
Hyroglyph Of The Human Soul,
I think, well,
what's the acronym?
And it's T-H-O-T-H-S, which
is THOTH, or Thoth's library,
which helps us understand the
journey of as above, so below.
Isn't that amazing?
>> Wow.
Wow.
>> Yeah.
That's why if you think about a
symbolical theater, everything
that is a picture language
is trying to establish,
as the ancestors have, once
we can talk in pictures,
your ancestors might interpret
the pictures differently,
but they're going
to hit on the same,
in a sense, notes,
the same qualities.
And this is one of the
things to our pattern
now, to understand that this
journey that begins on 9/11,
and I've been painting every
day for the last 17 years,
is the story of
a deeper devotion
and love, to the story of,
at least where I live, let
these things matter.
And I think art is
for all of us where
we see not the judgment of
others, but the welcoming.
Saying, if we can
inspire one another
rather than critique
one another,
we'll hold a space not of
debate, but of celebration.
And that's why this is my home.
I think it's very important
to think about context.
In your home, you live
in 24 hours a day.
So you're going
through all the weather
conditions of your life.
And when you're at home, you're
living with those you love.
And that you have to navigate
the different personalities.
Love is a difficult thing,
but so is a well-written play.
You know?
So is a well painted painting.
And we're great art.
If we were, in a
sense, not so complex,
if we could unriddle ourselves,
would be far less interesting.
But the deeper we go into
the mystery, as we know,
the deeper the mystery takes us.
And that's really what
happens in this room.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Ready?
[LAUGHTER]
We've sort of had this
conversation going here,
on the run, setting
up, but who are you?
In a nut shell.
>> That's a very good question.
Not to be overly
philosophical, I--
my name is Leigh
McCloskey, and I have had
a professional acting career.
Possibly known to some
of your audience members
from shows like "Dallas" and--
what is it?
"General Hospital", and
"Inferno" with Dario Argento.
So a lot of different--
I had a very long acting career.
But during those days, I
also had the good fortune
to meet Carla, my wife, back
in actually my first show,
back in '75, '76.
We got married in '78.
And we've lived here
for the last 39 years.
So we've lived here since 1981.
We've had and raised
our two daughters.
And we just had a grandchild.
So I'm now happy grandfather.
>> Congratulations.
Yeah.
>> And I'm the son of Malibu.
It's where I grew up.
So my home is in Malibu.
And a lot of the story
that I talk about really
is about that sense
of finding home.
Because who am I as a
great question in a sense,
if I talk about myself in
terms of career I'm one thing.
But really, I think the
career and a lot of us
are saying that we've all been
the custodians of something
more precious that maybe the
world wasn't interested in,
but we were.
And so I've had 39 years
of discussion groups
here every Tuesday night.
And I'm looking into Eastern
traditional, Western tradition,
really spending time with
Joseph Campbell and Carl Jung.
And really trying to get at the
archeology of the human soul,
but not as a debate.
Do you know, in a way one has
to navigate the world of debate.
But when we're home, and this
I really took from acting,
is how do you create a place
where, let's get together
and inspire each other
and like the library,
let's draw from the resource
that we've inherited,
because an inspired
performance is much more
interesting than just sitting
and complaining about things.
And so my career
was and has been
as an actor
professionally, which
allowed me to live here,
which allowed me to balance
my life with the
conversation and need
for philosophical input,
but also domestic input,
the relevance of really starting
a question from where you love,
and you're with those you love.
So a lot of this is--
in a way, my greater identity
is made manifest through my art.
>> But yesterday you
said you were an archeo--
no, a consciousness
Kung Fu master,
or something of that sort.
>> Yes, we have to become
the martial art artist
of consciousness.
>> Martial artist.
>> Really, a master martial
artist of consciousness.
Because martial
arts are essentially
knowing what to pay attention
to, what to take personally,
and when to navigate.
And so a lot of
that is this, now it
is about marshaling the sense
of the martial arts of what
we pay attention to, how
we pay attention to it.
And so a lot of this is the
deeper archeology of the soul,
so to speak.
>> Archeology of the soul.
>> Do you know, that's because
an archaeologist digs, right?
He doesn't know.
He's not assuming.
He's going deeper.
She's going deeper.
And I feel like that's
what this is trying
to tell us is that the
last place we need to dig,
or the place we really
need to dig to trust,
is this subjective
place of where we live.
Do you know, in a sense trying
to resolve the question of what
it means to be
you or me, or what
it means to be a man, what
it means to be a woman.
To be-- when we understand
and honor the fact
that there isn't
a right version,
but much more of
this sense of place,
if we place the value
that each conversation is
necessary to the larger
conversation, then we have,
I think, what the
house has become.
It's always been a
place of community,
where people have said, at least
here, let these things matter.
So I feel all of the art was
in response to these things,
as well.
Because as an actor, you're
always making your way,
trying to get a role,
trying to pay your bills.
So it's a very
different conversation,
because it is so dependent
on so many other factors.
But the artist-- my
dad was a painter.
So I never worried
about being a painter.
My dad was too
good of a painter.
So it freed me.
So I'm the actor that
paints, you know?
In other words, there
was this ability
to use painting as a way
of connecting with energy,
a way of connecting
with character.
As a matter of fact,
it was painting
when I was at Juilliard
that allowed me to find
the violence in a character.
But also started to
relate to that sense
not as paint as an illustration,
but as a medium of emotion.
And this took me much more
into the indigenous direction,
or the ancient Chinese way
of painting, which was not
to illustrate anything, but to
really allow that expression
to be breath itself.
And I thought that's
very much like the actor.
You know, how do you connect
with the emotional breath?
And because I was trying to find
it, it was becoming a painting.
But not a painting as
a painter, much more
of an act of
creative engagement.
And so this led me, in a
way, the back door that
wasn't about art in a cultural
sense, but much more in,
you'd say, almost an antidote
to how as creative beings
we do have to live
in a world that
can't be about what is not--
you know, what's not there.
We are in a place
where we have to say
that we do need to
cultivate, become gardeners,
of this nature of what I call
the archeology of the soil.
Give it a place to grow.
>> And through that you've
created all of this.
This is the archeology
of the soul.
This room.
>> And it even calls itself The
Hieroglyph Of The Human Soul.
>> The Heiroglyph of-- yeah.
>> And what's important about a
hieroglyph, because the tarot--
all symbolical structures.
It will help us in our
conversation as we go deeper.
Because once we understand
why the picture language is
a universal language, why
math is a universal language,
we'll begin to understand
that this is, in a way,
where the instrument begins to
discern its greater musicality.
In a sense, it's greater--
would you call, greater field.
But it doesn't feel displaced.
It starts to pull itself
into a greater coherence.
And I would almost
liken that when
we step out of
being the audience
and we step into being
part of the play.
>> Mhm.
And that's what drew
me to this conversation
is my series Interview with ED.
I've spoken to all
these people who
channel these extra
dimensional beings,
and E.T's from Pleiades to
Arcturias, to Zeta Reticuli,
and the information that's
coming from that conversation,
it's leading-- it's funneling
into this conversation
about archetypes,
and about story.
And that's sort of
what they're saying.
And I'm finding
all this overlay,
from indigenous
teachings to the art--
you know, when I saw your video
of the tarot explanations,
there were so many
synchronicities and details
in that conversation
that I thought,
OK, this is where the next
conversation needs to happen.
I need to talk to an
archaeologist of consciousness
to really help understand
and maybe put a--
bring down to Earth
the conversation
I've been having with these
extra dimensional beings.
I think--
It's my hope today
you can-- we can
dive into these different
E.T. archetypes,
and then ground them
into the archetypes
that we already have here.
And find the synchronicities,
and find the overlay,
and maybe have a
better understanding
of what is all of this, right?
>> The myth here--
I'll just tell you
briefly the story
that's emerged here,
because it's quite
contextual and fascinating.
It says that we begin
not with not knowing,
we began as vast knowing.
Essentially, we think
at the speed of light.
The question was, how do
we slow this light down?
How do we bend the light?
How, as Einstein said,
slow thought down to a rate
where we can see it.
When this becomes our
fundamental understanding
of this star being, we start
to understand our pyramids
and obelisks.
They were amplifiers.
They were all
about what we think
of from a theatrical point of
view as rock and roll, right?
Where you stand in the same
presence, the music lifts you.
So you're all on the same page.
It's not a debate over anything.
It's a celebration of alignment.
>> Coherence.
And that's the question of the
obelisk, this falling over.
You see this falling into time
of totem poles, of obelisks.
Meaning, the upright father, the
knowledge of the divine mother
that there's this union
of these qualities.
And that's why symbols also are
about the divine ones, the Gods
coming from the ancient times.
But if you think of
this as a seed pattern,
and you start to see it
as an organic pattern,
yes, you inseminate
with this seed ideal.
You instruct from
these ideal states.
And you would--
even the joke here
is that the nine inch square
tile that this is painted on
said, you see, even the linoleum
had a preexisting geometry
before I painted it.
As if to say that these
qualities pre-exist.
They're structural.
And that we drape reality
and our understanding of that
upon these structural truths.
>> Right.
Sacred geometry, the
Fibonacci, all of these--
threes, the six, the nine.
You know, the magical
numbers that we find
that are throughout creation.
>> Exactly.
>> Fractal.
>> They're keys.
And that's why the
tarot are called keys.
Because once we understand
archetypes are keys,
we start to understand
what The Library says.
Once you understand that the
North, the South, the East,
and the West here all exist,
all the books you like
and all the books you
don't like exist here.
Meaning that the
conversation isn't
about the rejection
of any part, but this
going from seeing ourselves only
in reflection for and against,
to moving back into a circle.
Is very interesting
tai chi, right?
It's this movement.
Because it's not just, as you
know, movement for movement
sake, but it is this
sense of creating
an energetic
relationship that allows
us to restore say
the central knowing
that our bodies are ancient.
See, that's what's
not understood.
We always say, oh,
this is my body.
No, it's a human body
that you are within,
which is an extraordinary
way to think,
that you are wrapping
within this ancient being.
That is saying, yeah, I
don't want to overwhelm you.
I think we're on overwhelm.
And sort of the last point here
that I think is so important
is that one of the great
revelations that came to me
recently is that a
painting is breath.
That when you paint you breathe.
And that a painting
captures breath.
So a painting becomes as a lung.
And that's why a picture--
a picture language is important.
Because like music, it
wants to breathe us.
It wants to dissolve
resistance, because in a way,
it insists on a
subjective relationship.
And that cultivates
trust in the truth
that things are not
abstract for one another,
but even in this
story of the alien
with the elongated head here
hearing saying that, no, you
created the smaller head.
And the story of being born
at a time to slow down--
you'd say like shooting an
electron into a stack of books,
it slowed it down so
that finally you and I
can sit here as human.
But finally, go the other
way and realize, aw,
but we are woven of
this great story that
allows us to be its expression,
but still, like this room, part
of a living, creative womb
that is trying to say,
now you're getting it.
Now you're beginning to
reposition your questions.
And that's when the
question of aliens,
like the question
of love, will not
be the trust of the optical,
but of the creative,
and how that has influenced
storytellers, how that--
like you, influencing
your relationship
with what you call creation.
And I believe that this
is what allows creation
itself on a quantum
level to say, ah,
we're being given information.
You know, it's like if you
don't allow it, it can't be.
And that's, again,
going back to this seed
of the out-breath, our story,
the in-breath, ourselves.
And this great love
affair that, wow, we're
part of an extraordinarily
heroic being.
This is over and over again.
You won't remember,
but as you discover,
you'll finally put
yourself back together.
And the key, I feel, for all of
us is we don't realize it yet,
but the time component is
like putting on our hands.
But it took a long
time, because we
didn't want to put our
head on first, but last.
And think of your
home being your head--
your heart, I mean.
Not where you live, but
really where your heart is.
>> Right.
>> Oh, I get.
It I can't connect to any of
this until I put my head on.
That's why the lamp
there, you see with Eve,
is the story of the delight
of mine, was all the stories.
And that's what illumines not
what we like or don't like,
but the greater
vision of why we've
been willing to go through these
qualities, to finally say we're
home.
And when we are home,
we're not in judgment.
We are seeking to balance
responsibility with vision,
keep our feet on the ground
so the branches of our tree
don't take us off the earth.
[LAUGHING]
>> So that leads into--
so what I wanted to do
in our conversation today is
sort of cover some of these
E.T. races that I'm sure
you're familiar with,
many people following this
show are familiar with.
And the first one that--
we talked about the elongated
heads and the story of birth.
For me and my research,
it seems to connect closer
to the race of the Arcturians.
And just to give you--
you've probably heard this
term, the Arcturaian race.
>> Yeah, Yeah.
But please--
>> So my understanding from
the Arcturian exposure that
I've had is they are
these elongated heads.
They are the most, I
would say, advanced race
of beings in our--
in this lore of E.T. Many other
beings from the palate star
system, and Orion,
and wherever, they
go on these spiritual
pilgrimages to the Arcturian
star system to learn the
deeper meaning of existence.
>> Makes sense.
>> They even have--
there's even a discussion
of this Arcturian gate
that is for many beings, and I
don't know if this is for all,
but they say that
many beings to come
into this reality
on Earth, they must
pass through this Arcturian
gate, this birth canal.
And they need the Arcturian
technology to do that.
>> Interesting.
>> So there's this womb aspect,
this giving birth aspect
to the Arcturians.
There's this-- they're
almost considered
like the Jedi of the
galaxy because they're
so advanced in their beingness.
They're always seen
wearing robes, you know,
that traditional Jedi outfit.
They're associated with blue.
Many people see them
as bluer beings,
or have a blue tint to them.
But just to give you
that context, what would
you connect that to as far
as the other archetypes
that we understand?
>> It's very intriguing, because
I think that what we're really
dealing with is the
above, the below,
and the in-between being one.
Meaning that, quite literally,
you see the territory.
And this is the relationship
you would almost
say of the first five
archetypes of the omegas.
Not the magician, but the
omegas, the seed bearer,
and the high priestess.
In the sense, the inside and
outside, but you start to see
it divides in one way.
They give birth,
essentially, to the empress,
and this is Sophia.
This would be this room, and
womb meaning that from no thing
is born.
And then her mirror, her
reflection is the emperor.
So we have this quality
like yin yang, do you see?
The one within the other.
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And the fifth.
And this is where I
feel the Arcturians are,
which is right here.
>> Right in the center.
>> Do you see?
It actually corresponds
with the Milky Way.
It's this corpus callosum.
It's the line between.
But it's also if you
use this as the eye.
Do you see?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> That we're born
looking into the world.
This is the greater
lens of wonder.
And that's why,
to a great degree,
that quality doesn't
exist in time.
It does exist in depth, and
those qualities therefore
are, almost you would say,
the filtering qualities
of universal life force, which
is translating itself, slowing
itself down into a
human scale, meaning
that in itself as a universal
or archetypal force,
it would be overwhelming.
We have to understand
that much of this--
think of trying to remind you,
but more like with lightning.
So it doesn't light up, because
then you'd want to go there.
But more like to light up,
and realize that we as human
now are a composite
of these qualities.
Meaning going back to
Atlantis, the sons of Belial
and the sons of the One God.
It's this story
that we've actually
assimilated all these qualities,
and that's why I would.
I would say that the
Arcturians are, in a way,
the pattern keepers.
I think this has a
lot to do with this,
because this quality of
consciousness is the library.
And it would say our
quality is always
to translate star knowledge
into the terminology of a given
planet to essentially
humanize it.
So they are the guardians
of star systems.
This is what becomes
an intriguing quality
of a unifying principle.
And in a sense, maybe
different worlds
are looking for a
unifying principle
in that what has escaped our
attention is, like atoms, we
have had to cluster in
our particular uniformity.
And now, maybe what
this is getting at is,
it's almost like speaking of
the quintessence alchemically,
that the four
directions, of the--
air, earth, fire, and
water, the four qualities
are brought together
in the center.
>> Right.
>> But if you think of that
going, in a way, this way,
and that being why.
And it aligns with the Maya
calendar ending on the winter
solstice, because this is where
the quality of consciousness,
you see, stops, and
it's rotating in time,
and stands erect.
If you think of the
Torah, this is also
what allows the
stargate to open,
to be translated into knowledge,
and come up through our root
system in a way, our
own human equation.
Because if we experience
something untranslatable,
it remains there.
The genius of our filtration
is to take this Arcturian
knowledge.
And I really do feel that
you could look at these
as, if you were diagramming
it as in the old Renaissance
diagrams, you'd say, yeah.
This is really like the
Seraphim, the dominions,
the cherubim, that you're
really looking at qualities
of consciousness that,
in their very physiology
reveal it is not the
forward mind that we have.
It's this very elongated sense
of the flow, so those would be.
Do you start to even-- you can--
>> Yeah.
>> And the more imaginative--
and I think that's why
it's very good to use an actor's
tool of creating a character,
that many of these
things aren't meant--
they're meant to be tinctures.
They're meant to, a bit like
a poem, light up in you,
and that's why it's
important that we
trust that you're not trying
to gather one localized
sense of meaning.
In a sense, you're always
gathered around this greater
mystery.
But I think it's finding
the greater mystery, going,
that's actually the
nourishment that's
trying to awaken why you
need to trust your curiosity,
because the only way to
translate these things is not,
in a way, just to download them,
but to actually transmute them.
And think of our
dream life, right?
We're always trying
to create in--
we always realize in dreams
that it's symbolical.
>> Oh yeah.
>> But we don't look at
our own life that way,
and that's why we
don't look at--
>> So many people, yeah.
>> --the Arcturians, we don't
look at them as those that are
trying to say, once you free
yourself from the optics,
and you trust that
you are a navigator,
then this greater mind
doesn't, in a way,
make you want to float away but
gives you almost like I felt
with the cathedral, right?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> You walk in this harsh
life, see the rose windows,
and be restored to a sense
of, there's a greater beauty,
this is the breath I needed.
I'm not getting out
of anything, but I'm
being restored by being reminded
that there is something more
beautiful than difficulty.
That's the message
on the vertical,
and I think that's the
wisdom of the library, right?
>> Yeah.
>> That you stand in a
beauty that's unimaginable,
because it came not because
of something but in spite
of something.
It never overcame evil, but
it was in spite of that evil
that it still chose.
>> I was going to save
the Arcturians for last,
but it just kind
of came in as the--
>> Yeah.
I kind of feel maybe
that's the larger theater.
And if we can put
ourselves in that mind,
I even have drawings where
I was exploring this,
and it was because my
dad would always say,
well, you can't talk
about something painted.
And I've always had
philosophical discussions
which were fascinating.
So I always use drawing as
a way of asking questions,
and that's why I was
so surprised when
these elongated heads, these
qualities kept showing up.
And there were
other alien forms,
structures that would show up.
And I kept feeling that
they were trying to,
like dream imagery, slowly
move me away from assumption,
and then to lead into,
we are in communion.
But in the same way,
a book in the library
is not to come at you
but for your curiosity
to finally join us.
>> Join you.
>> And like a book, as
you join us in communion,
will start to transform
the questions you ask.
Isn't that what happened
to you? >> That's
exactly what happened.
I had the questions.
I saw something
out of this world,
and then I began
to ask questions.
And here we are 10 years
later, 10-plus years,
and the questions
have been refined.
And it's like, I'm still
asking the questions,
but they're sculpted
questions now.
They're--
>> Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, oh yeah.
They're lived questions.
They're earned questions.
>> Earned questions.
Yes.
Exactly.
One last thing on
the Arcturians.
So the Arcturian race
or the Arcturian Star
is, I believe,
the brightest star
in the northern hemisphere.
It's also associated in
the bear constellation.
I shouldn't be more versed
in this stuff, but I'm not.
>> No, the bear,
actually, completely.
>> I'm just kind of--
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
>> It kind of comes,
and I'm like, oh,
I take these little nuggets
that kind of resonate.
>> Yeah, yeah, yeah.
No, I kind of feel like
that's the romance of it.
You're not supposed to burden
yourself with remembering.
You're supposed to, in a way,
rediscover it continually.
>> Yeah.
What is the bear in your
archetypal research?
>> The bear is fascinating,
because I mean,
from indigenous symbology,
but even in alchemy,
the bear is the great mother.
So she's-- and
this is, of course,
the narrative of the
Pleiades, from the Pleiades,
the sense of the great
mother, the great bear,
and that's why you
have the Bear Clan,
this relationship to the stars.
But also, if we don't look at
that simply from the surface,
but begin to understand
the power of the bear,
begin to become the
bear, begin to feel
how that feels in the body.
This is also what you
would say if we're
supplying the emotional nature
to a composite human form.
This is the part
of the qualities
of the galaxy within
us that become,
do you see, this deeper nature?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> And you'd almost say
part of the door then is,
how does this energy feel?
Because this is what connects
us, again, not optically,
because that's in time, which
is the illusion, but in tone.
And so that's what's very
interesting about the bear,
again, being this look to why I
take on different animal forms
in terms of different
constellations.
Because every animal-- this
is, of course, martial arts
as well, right?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> It has a particular
universal wisdom and is centered
in a type of genius alignment
that, as we learn from them,
we become, in a sense, the
gatherer of their wisdom.
>> Right.
And that's where a lot of
the indigenous teachings
use the spirit animals,
and they use the connecting
to these animals as
a teacher, as a guide
to, again, archetypal stuff that
we see in our cave paintings
and in our hieroglyphics.
And Chinese writing
and Asian writing
uses a closer version
to the hieroglyphs.
>> Yes.
It's iconic, legendary --
>> With the kanji and--
>> Absolutely, yeah.
Yeah.
>> So just seeing all these
correlations, and we're--
and now, we simplify
things, and simplify things,
and simplify things.
But then a lot gets lost,
because it's too simple.
[LAUGHS]
>> Well, I almost feel
like that's the question,
is that once we see that
we're always languaging,
but like Adam, always naming,
is that it wasn't one language.
It was almost like the
minutia of languaging
that would finally free us to
realize, oh, botany, alchemy,
all these different,
in a way, disciplines,
when we think from the library's
perspective or the larger
perspective, they're
all necessary ways
of languaging into human story
these greater conditions.
In a way, slowing all these
different star connections.
If you think of a Renaissance
model of macrocosm, microcosm,
man being the
universe in miniature,
going back to the
Vitruvian Man of Leonardo,
we begin to realize
why all of the organs
have both the attribution
of a star or of a planet,
and that the body's health,
is as Paracelsus taught,
that we are not essentially
deterministic in terms
of the stars.
But the genius is that it is
what he called the Greater Man,
the Homo Maximus, meaning that
the heavens held the design
of who and what we were--
we were the Homo Minorus--
and that that
greater pattern then
showed in the star structure.
And as the stars
came and went, he
said this created the
archetypal structure.
The genius of our
star system is that it
lets us have a conversation with
our greater nature, do you see?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> By projecting it into
these archetypal and planetary
influences.
And that's why, if you
were trying to have, like,
I had an orb manifestation here.
It was very extraordinary.
But it was pictures
taken of the orbs
in geometrical relationship.
And I realized here they had
a structure where they could
finally reveal not,
again, through words
but through relationship
and remarkable photographs,
that we are trying to
create a condition.
Think of your brain being
this little pea in the middle
of an enormous being.
And it wants everything to
sort of be on human terms.
And all of these different
parts of the body are going,
no, no, no, you'll
never get, in a sense,
you'll never get to
Saturn, you'll never
get to-- so don't
make it about what
you're not, but begin to turn,
as we did in the Renaissance.
And I think that's why
holographic knowledge is
so important.
A lot of the models
are so important now,
because they're saying, of
course, we are a projection.
We are-- if you
think of here, right,
as the lens, the
library, you'd say,
we are the projection
into an atomic body,
meaning a light body, right?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> A scintillating energy
body that's holding,
through some form of
generosity, all of its atoms.
All of its universe is
scintillating, carrying
on all of their business, and
pancreas, and heart and all
somehow.
Do you know, to finally
say, but wait a minute.
Just like that, and
just like the library,
so little of what
you can actually know
is what is comprehensible.
What is comprehensible
is the fact that you
are the center of this
awareness, do you see?
Like a sea captain finally
going, oh, I get it.
I'm in a vessel.
I don't own the sea, nor do--
I have to understand that
I've needed to build a vessel
to let me navigate these waters,
but the mystery of the waters
will never be solved,
because the waters aren't
interested in what
the vessel thinks.
Do you see?
>> Beautifully said.
Beautifully said.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
And that sums up this
experience, I think.
But Bashar always
says, we always
feel that the soul is
inside of the body.
But in fact, he
says it's reversed.
The soul is creating the
body, and we are not--
the soul is not housed inside.
The body is housed
inside the soul.
So if we can sort of get--
do the reverse thing on
what we've been taught
and sort of see the
world in that way.
The soul is actually
the water, and the body
is navigating the soul which
we, in the waters, that is us.
So, and when we can
see it that way,
then navigating this experience
becomes a little less
stressful, because
we kind of can
understand that I am the water.
I may not fully grasp that,
fully understand that now,
but if I just have that knowing
so as things are delivered
to me, experiences, and
situations, and relationships,
then I don't judge them,
and I don't put them--
>> Yeah, good.
Yeah.
>> --away.
I can accept them as, this is
me delivering me a present.
And then, which allows me
to be more present in time.
>> But think of that as
permission, and I mean,
think about performing.
We are what we have to
stumble over until we finally
give ourself
permission to go, just
make an ass out of yourself.
Step up, and something
frees you to finally go,
I don't need to figure it out.
I need to give myself to it.
It'll figure it out.
And I almost feel like
that's the boat on the shore.
We've built the boat,
we know the piano,
but we're not playing the piano.
We think the boat can
be left on the sand,
and fight over what
kind of boat you have.
And I kind of feel like we're
actually being set adrift,
and we're finding ourselves
in a different medium, which
is the medium of the
ocean itself coming up
in these tidal waves,
literally, in one way or another
in people's lives
that are, I think,
upsetting rocking the
boat, so to speak.
But if you think of that as a
trigger of suddenly waking up
in a dream and going,
oh man, I thought
I was on land, because
like, give me an oar.
You start to-- and we realize
that the genius of who we are
is, we adapt very quickly.
And to me, that's even
on a deeper level,
I think of the Arcturians
as almost Arthur
and the Arthurians,
the sense of,
that Arthur says that the
ideal of the Grail of Camelot
was no one of us.
It was each of us held to
the ideal of the possibility
of such a thing.
And each night, went on his
own journey, his own adventure.
And it wasn't that each night
he would attain the Grail.
It was this realization that
the stories we brought back
of attaining and
not attaining would
create a sense of
the shared truth
that the Grail isn't
anyone's story.
It's not in its attainment.
It's in how it
transforms the life.
So this whole sense of Arthur
is that all ideals of Camelot,
and this was during the
beginning of the ego,
so it was a battle, and it was
about a sword in the stone.
But this story is what
happens after Camelot
falls, after we have lost
that greater outer ideal.
And in the ashes,
we are asked to find
once again that Grail, but
not as that which is, again,
as you talked about, outward,
but a deeper inner light.
And maybe that's what we graph
onto as storytellers and living
through these
things, to really say
that, I don't want
to tell you something
I think you ought to know.
I want to share
with you something
I think might inspire you,
and that lifts us both.
And to me, that is
choice, and where we're
at now, and why a lot of--
I think a lot of going
back to the races,
we might look at
these as archetypal
and perceptual rings that
were composed of almost
like, how do we rise up?
Even as an acting exercise.
I want you to have
an elongated head.
I want you to feel
a serpentine body.
How does this feel?
I want you to rise
up into that knowing.
I want you to feel the library.
Do you see you see?
You start to say, oh, it
was an acting exercise.
Yeah, I could do it, because
I'm not having to believe it.
And I feel like that's
what a lot of these things
are trying to say.
Yeah, now you're using your
art, your creative qualities,
your imagination to
free your improvisation.
And think of a
relationship, right?
So long as you believe in me,
we're not in a relationship.
But once we believe
in our relationship,
we'll discover one another.
And isn't that the
creative process as well?
>> Mm-hmm.
>> You don't know
how to do something.
It grows.
It grows from your curiosity
and the willingness
to understand that the
relationship is not
in achieving something
but in realizing,
as in all relationships, it's
the process of, in a way,
getting it wrong,
figuring it out.
How do we do this?
Because that, I'm
convinced, if we look at it
as a martial art is
saying, most of what's
training you is not words.
It's, I'm teaching you
what to pay attention to.
I'm teaching you what's real.
I'm teaching you.
This is very important.
>> Well, and just like in the
dream, all of the players--
Carl Jung says, I believe,
that they're all you.
>> Exactly.
>> They're all aspects of you.
So if you can--
this waking dream, if we can
have that same point of view
and we can adapt that, then
the dream becomes more lucid.
>> And I think then, the
characters aren't being
believed in, so they're
willing to participate.
>> Right.
>> Do you know, and if you
think of the veil being,
I want you to draw me forth.
I want you to create music.
I want you to do it so
it's a love affair with me,
because in a way, just to be
entitled-- oh, yes, finally,
we've proven that
there's aliens.
I think that the whole point
is that, of course there are,
but they're not
going to show up.
They're more
interesting than that.
Because in a way, that
which doesn't show up
forces us to create space for
the willingness for engagement.
And to me, that's why this
becomes a very sacred space.
In a sense, the
unexpected temple,
because who would-- in a
sense, there's nothing.
This is the act of love.
And I rather feel like that's
when our celestial elders say,
once you understand that we
off loaded into the books,
we translated ourselves
into multi-dimensionality
like with the 3D
effect here, so look
at us in more than one way.
Then you'll begin to
understand that it
is a time of relationship,
not a proof, this sense
of looking at things
in more than one way,
and looking at each other
and beginning to say, yes,
we're on that journey of life.
If you think of a force that
said, at the end of the day,
you realize the hands that
shape you are always invisible,
because if you see the hands,
you assume that they are doing
it, rather than in
a way you'd almost
say they're the resistance that
allows you to shape yourself.
>> Beautiful.
Yes.
That, I believe, hits
the nail on the head.
>> Well, what is the apple?
And in this story,
it's the story of Eve.
She says that the gift of the
apple is the gift of life.
The chalice is the gift of
the love of Adam and Eve,
meaning that the gift of the
womb is that Eve said to Adam,
your love is so profound.
Your thoughts are so wonderful.
You must allow them to be born.
Now, think about that.
We have entered from the realm
of eternal and timelessness
into time.
So the once grand
cosmological fires,
do you see, of [INAUDIBLE],,
and it's been divided,
are no longer ever present.
And if we think about
that as a love story,
right, once we were
Isis and Osiris.
We were gods and goddesses who
were aligned with the stars.
And suddenly, we turn
from this time of love
into a time of separation.
And that's what this
journey will show us,
that to understand
who we are uniquely,
and that's why we can move
to where I just showed you,
the chalice, the sense of the
movement into the chalice,
or we'll start to look
down and see the blossom,
or look down and see the mother.
And we'll look over
here, do you see?
And we'll see the
ancestors, the Maya.
And they're looking back
into a time of fire.
>> Oh, look at that.
That's amazing.
>> This is what
the ancestors know.
We're the keepers
of the records.
I mean, they really are.
>> They are the keepers.
They're called --
>> And this is the whole--
>> --the time keepers.
>> And the whole journey of
Pahana, the Lost White Brother,
interestingly enough, is this.
We will keep this connection.
You will go into the world,
you see, on this great exodus.
You will take the
journey of the world,
and you will return
to the ancestors.
And your learned journey will
finally have a basis in wisdom,
and that's really where we look.
Think of this story, that
this is all connected, right?
So we're starting
to see this journey
of the mother and the father.
And this is where it
becomes even more curious
and delightful, because
behind the blossom,
you can see I'm
holding the blossom.
And for my physicists out
there, and location and speed
of the electron,
this is suggesting
that the location
is the human story,
but that the energy behind it
is the lost knowledge which
isn't really lost of the goddess
of Lilith, because she's here.
[LAUGHTER]
And nothing expresses the
layered psyche better than
that you see these are
two qualities of oneness,
that the one direction, we
see the purpose, the blossom.
And on the other direction,
we see the roots, the energy.
And these are both two
qualities of the one.
Now, think about, in
a visual language,
this is the knowledge
of the goddess,
the time of the goddess.
And why I say that is, we
saw the apple over there.
Now, you see the
apple over here,
but you see it's over
my family photo album.
So we think about family.
This is the capacity
to see each other
in generation and with love.
This is the knowledge
of the goddess.
This is going to
be very important,
because the sacrifice
of the goddess
is when we turn away
from direct knowing.
And this is also why
Lilith is rejected,
and Eve becomes
the wife of Adam.
Both must be ignorant
of their origins.
But Lilith is inside of Eve.
She says that, I will
be the lioness that
lives at the heart
of woman, as Eve
will be betrayed by
Adam, because Adam
will turn into self-reflection.
And on that hall of
mirrors, on that journey,
he will betray love
over and over again.
And so the question
of this betrayal,
and that's what's so beautiful
here, is she says that, now,
I want you to know that I have
always been present but hidden
until now, because you cannot
know your story until you
realize that you are
not on the horizontal,
but on the vertical.
You are trees.
And the truth is, if you
live in Malibu as a tree,
you don't try to get to Santa
Monica, and that's her point.
She's going to say that,
I turned myself inward.
And we'll do that
literally, do you see?
And we will cover the
family photo albums.
And the question became,
even as a motion picture,
well, why did we
take this journey?
And she says, well,
take me with you.
So we start to journey
around the corner here.
You see?
And that's why this
becomes so movable,
because this space then
shows us the two hemispheres.
And you can see that, do
you see, in the mirror?
The journey of self-reflection?
>> Oh, yes.
>> And when you
look at this side,
do you see your journey
of the mother, of love?
Now, we would not be
aware that there's
a division between
the progressions,
that love connects
and thought divides.
But the beautiful thing
here is actually, suddenly,
now, we hold the
story of our-- you
see, what we think of as
alien, but it's really
this greater self.
>> The elongated head.
Now, do you see it looks
like a child in this?
>> Yes.
>> Again, innocent.
>> Right.
>> The quality here is, in this
innocence, in this ancientness,
in this knowingness, we cannot,
and this is the Lilith story,
we cannot convince ourselves
that we are separate.
We know too much.
So the question is, how do
we create, quite literally,
a smaller head and take
what was once in union
and divide it as a right angle?
And that's when you start to see
this twin over and over again,
as if to say the Ark, like
the two hemispheres, emerges,
do you see?
From this greater vision
when we hold that as a tree.
And that's why Torah, I
showed you earlier, is saying,
you grow out of
this root system.
But this consciousness for
you is incomprehensible.
In other words,
you cut it in half
to slow it down and humanize it.
But from a human
context now, you
have access to this
other quality, which is--
think of the story here.
If we're looking in this
direction, we can't see Lilith.
This is a primary
technology which
is very helpful, because once
we understand that, then the--
>> Do you say primary
like primal almost?
>> Yeah, exactly, because we
have been painting since we
began, never to
illustrate anything,
but to create community.
Think of the dance,
the improvisation
of the hand, the sense of
feeling the wood, feeling
all of this that allows us to
follow the grain, to feel--
everything has these
hidden patterns,
and that's whether we
see the watcher language.
I'm really allowing
the rhythmic nature
not to illustrate anything,
and to rise more and more
to bring into focus.
I had no idea Lilith was.
There's no illustration here.
And that's why as
I bring this out,
do you see, even the sense
of having it on cards,
so to speak.
And it will show us that you
have been on this journey
across the ages, gathering
the story of what
does it mean to be human.
You came from the
mother of light,
you were drawn down
into the mother of dark.
You now bring these two
qualities together, do you see?
And one, like the painting,
cannot see the other side
of the other.
This is why if we
have this, it says,
I want you to remember like you
can remember the downstairs is
there, even if we're not there.
Remember so that your
imagination allows you
to connect that
which you cannot see.
And that's where she
then comes out, as I say.
And this is where the goddess,
the ancient one, returns home.
But this knowledge
can't be known
except in the domestic
space, because that's
the truth of lover and beloved.
And that's why her
evolution is, I
will take you back
to Atlantean Nori.
I will take you back to
the time of the Watchers.
But I won't take you
back there to leave.
That's narcissism.
That's telling me
you're an ancient King,
and you don't need to
be here, because you're
so important there.
And this is the great
terror of narcissism,
is because Lilith destroys
the illusion of the illusion.
It's the Hall of Mirrors of
the Ego that are now, in a way,
facing the creative
spirit and that truth
that the creative spirit isn't
interested in your cosmology,
but really interested
in your willingness
to do what she's saying,
which is follow me
into this great story.
>> And you got our
magic GoPro over there.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Hello.
[LAUGHS]
>> Excellent.
So we'll get into the next race,
which you mentioned Pleiadians
earlier, and that's sort of one
of these key archetypal races
that many, many people--
probably the most famous race,
I would say, of all of the
races are the most channeled.
More people are
channeling Pleiadians.
There's more discussion
around the Pleiadians
than most of the other races.
And the archetypes
around that is that it's
a very feminine energy.
The lore is that
they are cousins.
They come-- they evolved
from Lyra, the Lyrian star
system and that lineage.
And they're the Seven Sisters
from the Pleiadian star system
and associated with the
bird or avian energy.
The original sort of
Pleiadian perspective
that we had in the old days
was, blonde hair, blue eyes.
Nordics, so to say.
But we're learning now
through my channel interviews,
and other material,
and other visitations
that the Pleiadians,
and this is probably
with all races, really.
It's such a-- it's a vast race.
It's a huge star system.
Not just the Seven
Sisters, but that's all we
can see from our
telescopes and whatnot.
But when you actually go into
that pocket of the star system,
it's very vast, and there's--
>> And the Seventh
Star is invisible,
so you can't actually
see it from this.
It's very interesting, that.
>> The Mayans talk about
the Pleiadians coming,
or the beings from the Pleidians
coming and giving them this
book of knowledge that
gave them arithmetic,
and farming practices,
and sort of--
I forget the name
of the book that
carries the sacred
knowledge to get them
through their hard times.
>> Yeah, yeah, I know.
>> To this, three days of
darkness during these changing
of these 5,200 year cycles.
So yeah, so with all that--
and there's a lot more.
I'm just skimming
on the surface.
But where do you feel
the connections are?
>> That when we begin to
understand, and we can use it--
this is where archetypes
have been very helpful,
because essentially, you would
almost say that the Arcturians
are more the fool in the
tarot, the capacity both in it
and the causation of it.
I really feel that this
is where we start to step
into a different relationship
where the Pleiadians really
become "Th-oth" or Thoth.
But this makes Thoth's
library, interestingly enough.
It's called the Hieroglyph
of the Human Soul,
so this becomes Thoth's library.
>> And Thoth is the beak.
Right?
>> Yeah, he is headed--
>> The avian.
>> And he's the one, really,
that becomes the herald,
the teacher of
agriculture, math,
all of the great principles.
So if we think of Hermes
as well, this as above,
so below, this becomes the
sense that the Pleiadians
are involved in the
seven principles,
that there's a Septenary nature
to man, the seventh principle
being invisible.
Now, the projection
into the star system
is we see this projected
back to us, so it becomes
a philosophical template.
>> Almost correlating
with the chakras.
>> Exactly.
So that's how it lives in us.
And it's transmuted
through our imagination.
Not to go there, but to actually
realize we're arising out
of these different conditions.
You're almost saying,
oh, I'm rising out
of this crown chakra, out of
this Arcturian connectedness
of systems down into--
not down.
That's wrong.
It's not a hierarchical.
It's, in a sense, the
qualities that when
we think of the
Septenary nature,
this is where we think of
the base of the pyramid--
the four and the three
rising to the apex.
It's the hidden center at
the apex when we rise out
of all of these
conditions, but the quality
of setting the structures,
of building the pyramid,
creating the
conditions, that allows
for the interface with this
other mind is, I believe,
the genius of the Pleiadians.
Meaning, they're
star system builders
and they're builders of
archetypal structure.
Understanding that theirs is to
translate into physical terms
or human terms star knowledge.
And wisdom is wisdom
regardless of form.
So its cat wisdom.
If you starting thinking
of the Egyptian pantheon,
you start understanding,
yes, that the cat wisdom
is what is so important-- is the
feline consciousness, meaning
the pre-separation.
So this is a quality, I think,
from an acting point of view,
to feel that.
It's a different perception.
And when we understand this is
the fertile ground from which
the implantation of the
star seeds grow, in a way,
like an arc across the
ages, saying that once you
see the translation is
not in the outward form,
but it signifies a
greater condition,
do you see that it's
almost, if you say,
the Pleiadian stars
fall to Earth.
We rise out of that
context realizing
that that's what's leavening
our archetypal structure.
It's saying you grow from
a star system structure.
You're not unique.
You are part of this Septenary
consciousness of, you'd say,
the four elements or in the
higher mind, soul, and spirit.
So when we understand
this, in a way,
this is why the
divine teachers come,
the [INAUDIBLE],, the Hermes,
meaning that first we precede
by saying these are the golden
templates, because you're
establishing a foundation.
And that's the importance
of the Pleiadians.
I really do think that
they're trying to say,
if you want to know who you
are, turn away from the optics.
Turn to the resonance.
Trust the stars not
outside of yourself,
but take that
imaginative journey
and allow that energy to rise
as this perception of, yes, I
am woven of these
archetypal lenses that
are set in motion by our
quality of our greater
consciousness that realizes
it's not to go there, as I said,
because we wouldn't
really understand it.
Think about time as being
a condition, a container.
And if you're out
of sequence, you're
going to get parts but not
be able to put it together.
That's what's interesting
to think about,
that actually we're
trying to create coherence
by gathering the story
back into this condition.
That's what I think
their great goal was--
to take the Hermetic journey
of "as above, so below"
through the symbolical
structure to finally bring it
to a human coordinate
point where we literally
hold the star system
in our intimate space.
And therefore, I think the
greater language of wisdom
would say, yes, that's
when we can commune,
because you're not
trying to come to us.
You no longer think
of us in time,
but like this-- a greater
dome in which you are held.
And once you trust
it more and more,
it again becomes that which
releases our resistance.
We're all holding different
parts of the treasure map,
essentially, trying to put
it together where, in a way,
it creates a deep enough lense
where it itself has found a way
to transmute its own energy,
to humanize its expression,
where we're able to embrace.
Again, it's a
shifting of energy.
And I do feel that a lot of
what this is trying to-- if you
think of the hand like the bud.
And we're really bound by
these different qualities.
Essentially, five
different races, right?
Like the fingers.
So the contraction is that first
we must grasp, like the bud.
But once we trust
that we're woven
of these different
relationships,
then we begin to
open and to blossom.
And it's not about the
old condition of this,
but it's the, in a way,
the emerging condition of,
oh, I realize I must breathe.
That, to me, that
it's saying that once
we understand that it is
about breath, about breathing,
and about, in a sense,
disenchanting ourselves
from being about time,
but rather this larger
cumulative awareness
that for ages upon ages
has been laying the ground
for us, for our time,
to really blossom as
the human form divine,
to understand that the great
gift is that we are each an art
form of consciousness.
We're not born into time.
We're born into creation.
So the question of
the, again, races
become if the Arcturians are,
in a way, the entire story,
and the Pleiadians
are the ones that
implement the story,
what's the next race?
>> Well, let's go the opposite
end of the spectrum and go
into the Zeta Reticuli,
which are coming from--
according to Lisa's
channelings--
the Zeta would be the
opposite in the spectrum
of the Pleiadians, coming
from the Vega lineage, which
is associated with the
serpent, and then that
funnels into the Serius lineage,
which is more, again, serpent.
Some people call
it the dark star,
Anubis coming from Sirius.
But really, the-- so before
we go into the Sirius
in the next block,
but Zeta as being
on the opposite end
of the spectrum--
these beings that are very
masculine, very logic,
Spock in "Star Trek."
>> Yeah.
>> But even further into
that, sort of almost robotic,
very hive mind consciousness.
And we know from all of the
abduction cases in Whitley,
and all of these other things
that these beings, there's
sort of a lore story
that they lost their--
they're sort of
a clone race that
went so far into
their evolution where
they destroyed their planet.
They over masculinized
their whole experience
in pollution, nuclear weapons,
and all these sort of things.
So they had to go into
hiding underground.
And they lost their
ability to reproduce.
So they cloned.
And they just started
creating copies,
over copies, over copies,
eventually degrading into not
being able to reproduce at all.
And technology failed them.
And this is just
one of many stories.
But I'm sort of sticking
with this one, because most
of my audience sort
of knows this story.
It's come up several times.
So in order to
continue life, they
had to come into our
space-time continuum,
and made sort of a
soul contract with us
prior to our incarnations
here to take our DNA
so they could hybridize
with the humans,
because there was a
close DNA match there,
and then create
these hybrid beings.
>> If we look at each of
these qualities as players
in a greater play.
>> Right.
>> Her chart's very helpful,
because you'll see from these
greater universal principles,
Sirius and Orion, really Newt.
And we have also then the
relationship of Orion with Geb.
And that's actually what
the hieroglyph behind you
is, which I redrew,
because I was
very interested in this
relationship of Sirius, the dog
star.
And then Orion being the
relationship, of course,
of the quality of the
masculine and feminine,
this great relationship
of the king and queen,
and that she becomes
the vault of heaven.
In a sense you'd say the one.
Right?
That rises.
And even she has
an invisible star.
But this great queen of heaven
becomes the vault within which,
or the womb within which
human conditions, in a sense,
the maters can arise.
And in this condition, a
bit like Isis and Osiris--
they're really the turning
down of these two energies
into the form that
help us understand
that the question was coming in
through these god qualities of,
again, how do we take star
knowledge, this knowledge
of Orion, the
knowledge of Sirius.
And even the
Egyptians say, we came
from the land of the watchers,
that in the ancient ones,
that Osiris and
Isis aren't figures
of symbolical representation.
They're actual beings that come.
And when you look at
texts from theosophy,
from the study of
the secret doctrine,
you learn about how there really
is this call from different
[NON-ENGLISH],, as they're
called, or spheres,
meaning that essentially
we're going to have qualities
of consciousness that all
donate, in one way or another,
different qualities.
You'd almost say the
star system is showing up
into a grand stew
of consciousness,
as if to say that the only way
we're going to actually compose
a universal being is by adding
in all of its universal,
in a sense, ingredients.
So you're going
to have everything
from a type of clone
like consciousness
to an exalted consciousness,
because, in a way,
that's the container, the
truth that we are all that.
And I do feel that if
you think of the races
symbolically, as you do with
archetype and structurally,
you begin to honor
the fact that to know
why these conditions are as
they are, languaged as species
and consciousness, is to say
that you really are dealing
with living qualities.
I learned this with the
archetypes in the Tarot,
because often you
look at these things
and say, oh, I'm
just making it up.
>> Right.
>> But the deeper you go, you
realize, this is making me up.
>> Yes.
Exactly.
>> And that's why I feel like
a lot of this knowledge is not
trying to overwhelm.
Because think of trying to
slowly dissolve resistance so
this greater knowledge doesn't
distract, doesn't disconnect.
>> Right.
>> But finally, connects to a
deeper root system that says,
the reason this is
so difficult is,
think of the wiring involved.
Right?
Of translating
multi-dimensional stories
in space and
consciousness, slowing
this down into a
temporal vehicle that
itself will experience
itself as an act of duration.
Right?
And then a composite that
is creating the library.
And I do feel that this is
Osiris, Isis, and Sirius,
and Orion, and the Pleiadian,
all of these effects,
if we think of them
as actors in harmony,
meaning that because
we're creating
a holographic being,
a universal being,
I will hold the Pleiadian.
You will hold the Sirian.
You will hold the Arcturian.
>> Right.
>> And you almost think
of a jazz ensemble.
Right?
And we'll put the universe
together brilliantly.
Because there will
be no mistakes.
We'll lean into those things and
figure out just how wonderful
it is than we thought.
You know?
Think of that as a
greater creative ideal,
it's willingness to
endure its own darkness,
because it gets this
sense that behind that is
a calling toward.
And I almost feel
like if people deal
with the relationships
and the channelings
intimately, not as
a scientific proof,
but more of a creative,
intimate relationship that says,
I don't want to, in a sense,
turn you into a debater.
Don't use me to prove something.
>> Right.
>> Think of me as a love affair.
Think of me what you actually
hide, you keep private,
until you find those that
share these qualities.
Because this is what I think
of a lot of the martial art
here is saying that we've
come from a time of building
a self that was always in
a world that didn't care
and we were always up against,
and that, finally, it's
turning us back toward
one another, and saying,
oh, I see in you the human
struggle that I see in me.
But I see the
artistry behind it not
as it was to solve something,
but to resolve a greater quest
that wasn't getting it right.
But in a sense always,
if you think about it,
by degree trying to reveal
there's a deeper beauty.
But in every human
story it's that we
earn that beauty, which is, of
course, the grail story here.
Right?
It's like your home.
You don't get out
of responsibility
when you're home.
And you don't use
creativity to escape.
And you don't use the stories
of aliens to not be present.
>> Right.
>> And this is why.
I think a lot of times
we put on errors.
And I feel like everything
has brought us to our knees,
going don't use me as
anything other than that
which inspires you to remember.
You are worthy of a
universal relationship,
but that that universal
relationship is in your heart.
And that will feed
your dreams, which
will change the view
of the world, which
will, of course, transform
the world for all of us.
Do you see Newt up
here on the ceiling?
Can you see her?
On the I-Beam?
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Well, this is the story
of Newt and Geb retold,
unexpectedly.
But we're going to
see how she comes up
from the floor, and
vaults over the ceiling.
And we see her
face on the I-Beam.
And you can't be symbolically
more delighted than that.
How do you see her face?
Well, I beam.
[LAUGHS]
When you beam,
you see, you open.
You smile.
And suddenly, the
roof holds itself.
But it lifts as high as it can.
And that's the vaulted Newt.
>> This would be the
Sirian energy here.
>> Absolutely.
And do you see how
her womb is the light?
Her heart is the infant?
Her journey is the
egg, the heron,
and the shell, this great
arc of human consciousness?
And you start to
see the serpent.
You see the blind serpent
as her belly button,
meaning that the
serpent of evolution
is this great journey.
And actually, you
can follow this.
It flows all the
way around the roof,
over to that egg above
the chalice, as if to say
we're finally in this
greater signature of things,
that Newt above shows us
that the journey begins
in innocence, and that we take
a journey across the ages.
Because as we come
down, we're going
to see this great relationship
that as one stands here,
we become a watcher,
meaning we do not
see our face or our reflection.
We see ourselves as essence.
And this whole journey, this
dance is that we try to return,
but we can't.
And so in this room, we set
the wheel of time and eternity
in motion.
We go downstairs into the
structure, into the archetypes.
And we will go
into the domestic,
meaning how do we do this?
How do we live?
And finally, here we will come
back up into the structure.
And again, as a type
of immersive theater,
because as one
steps here, this is
where we see the revelation
of the Tarot as a structure,
as an operating system.
You can see the square.
Do you see the foundation?
And the wheel, just as in
the square and the circle.
But here we're going to see this
relationship like a gyroscope,
that once we set the wheel in
motion, it creates balance.
The foundation is
not which character
do we believe in
or not believe in,
but they create like a piano,
the structure that holds us.
And as we tilt up this way,
this story that takes us
into the story of a ascension.
And we see [INAUDIBLE]
and Thoth and Ra,
and Nagas, meaning
all of this journey--
and down here we can
see the pyramids,
the story of the Romans.
In other words, that we're
going to go across the ages,
asking over and over again,
what does it mean to be human?
And what is
extraordinary is here
we see, essentially, that
ever vanishing window point.
But we start to
see this Christos,
this story of the light of mind,
that finally does not anchor.
Do you see the
pillars on the ground?
It's that the light of mind
opens this other quality
of consciousness.
If we think
physiologically, this
is actually a manifestation of,
we enter the world this way.
We stand up into this so that
we go into these two eyes,
duality.
But once we achieve the
balance of these things
to see it's to do this.
It's to hold the
greater eye of wonder
in the balance of
form and structure.
So it's a bit like
saying, it's finally
the piano holds the music.
[MUSIC PLAYING]